---
title: copy 2
layout: post
author: varun.dokka
permalink: /copy-2/
source-id: 1OxO6SF98lylih5wmPGm51gBM7Pn4uH-1Rc8P4XVuqiE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Scratch!</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Knowing absolutely nothing about scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make your sprite move and hit a wall without going through it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes and it worked as if it would in an actual game.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I persevered as I didn't know what most of the code did and I now know what half of the basics do.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was independant as I did not ask for any help even though I was stuck.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Mr Keen could’ve explained what all the basics do as some of them weren't as obvious as others. I could’ve been more enthusiastic as I wasn’t as energetic I was when we were introduced to Github. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can change my learning by trying new things and doing trial and error, (logical trial and error) as sometimes I just go for the really stupid attempts which aren't really much help. Most of the time I try not to ask for help as I can learn as much as possible but when I’ve tried as many possibilities as I can think of, I usually ask for help.



As Mr Keen told us to play retro games and put the names of the sprites onto our blog, I have chosen some from What games I have played. Pacman, King Kong, Rocket/Spaceship, Millipede and  Centipede.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


